# Special Report: SEC vs. Coinbase

- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWVcbhgu79A
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiQup8DkiVA
- Bankless - Will the SEC Kill Crypto with Jake Chervinsky & Amanda Tuminelli
	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UZ6MakjTTs
- Bankless - SEC vs. Coinbase with Coinbase's Chief Legal Officer, Paul Grewal
	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiQup8DkiVA
- Bankless - SEC Started to Change ‘Tone’ Last Year: Coinbase CEO
	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJKnKxVAX60
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEtpcxqpy_s (to rewatch)

--

Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong hits back at SEC lawsuit on social media
https://cryptoslate.com/brian-armstrong-hits-back-at-sec-lawsuit-on-social-media/

Binance, Coinbase CEOs together lost $1.7B of personal wealth after SEC charges
https://cryptoslate.com/binance-coinbase-ceos-together-lost-1-7b-of-personal-wealth-after-sec-charges/

Seven bombshells from the SEC’s Coinbase suit
https://cryptoslate.com/seven-bombshells-from-the-secs-coinbase-suit/

Tokens Bounce Back Across the Market After SEC Triggers Turmoil
https://decrypt.co/143633/tokens-bounce-back-across-the-market-after-sec-triggers-turmoil

Coinbase Plans to Fight SEC Lawsuit, Carry On With 'Business as Usual'
https://decrypt.co/143612/coinbase-plans-to-fight-sec-lawsuit-carry-on-with-business-as-usual

Coinbase Hit With Pending Cease and Desist Orders From 11 States
https://decrypt.co/143603/coinbase-hit-with-pending-cease-and-desist-orders-from-11-states

Coinbase Stock Down 18% in Pre-Market Trading in Wake of SEC Lawsuit
https://decrypt.co/143577/coinbase-stock-down-18-in-pre-market-trading-in-wake-of-sec-lawsuit

SEC Sues Coinbase Over Staking Services, Failing to Register
https://decrypt.co/143570/sec-sues-coinbase-over-staking-services-failing-register

COINBASE, AMERICA’S LARGEST CRYPTOCURRENCY EXCHANGE, SUED BY THE SEC FOR SECURITIES VIOLATIONS
https://bitcoinmagazine.com/legal/coinbase-sued-by-the-sec-for-securities-violations

SEC Charges Coinbase With Securities Violations
https://thedefiant.io/sec-charges-coinbase-with-securities-violations

SEC sues Coinbase over exchange and staking programs, stock drops 12%
https://www.cnbc.com/2023/06/06/sec-sues-coinbase-over-exchange-and-staking-programs-stock-drops-14percent.html

Coinbase CEO responds to SEC suit, says team is ‘confident’ in facts and law
https://cointelegraph.com/news/coinbase-ceo-responds-to-sec-suit-says-team-is-confidant-in-facts-and-law

SEC crackdown on Binance and Coinbase surge DeFi trading volumes 444%
https://cointelegraph.com/news/sec-coinbase-binance-lawsuits-surge-defi-trading-volumes

SEC Chair Gary Gensler: The US Doesn't Need Cryptocurrency
https://decrypt.co/143595/crypto-industry-is-built-on-non-compliance-says-sec-chair-gary-gensler

Market rebounds after SEC lawsuits spur brief panic
https://cryptoslate.com/market-rebounds-after-sec-lawsuits-spur-brief-panic/

Nansen data shows nearly $600M in outflows at Binance, Coinbase
https://cryptoslate.com/nansen-data-shows-nearly-600m-in-outflows-at-binance-coinbase/

Cardano company Input Output says ADA is not a security
https://cryptoslate.com/cardano-company-input-output-says-ada-is-not-a-security/

What’s the Difference Between the Binance and Coinbase SEC Lawsuits?
https://decrypt.co/143718/difference-between-binance-coinbase-sec-lawsuits

---

Meet the judges that will preside over Coinbase and Binance’s SEC lawsuits
https://cointelegraph.com/news/judges-preside-over-coinbase-binance-sec-lawsuits

Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong responds to SEC lawsuit; says Gensler’s views ‘not representative’ of US government
https://cryptoslate.com/brian-armstrong-responds-to-sec-lawsuit-says-genslers-views-are-not-representative-of-entire-us-government/

Blockchain Association members say courts will prove SEC, Gary Gensler wrong
https://cryptoslate.com/blockchain-association-members-say-courts-will-prove-sec-gary-gensler-wrong/

Coinbase has no plans to delist assets or end staking service
https://cryptoslate.com/coinbase-has-no-plans-to-delist-assets-or-end-staking-service/

US Court Gives SEC One Week to Respond to Coinbase’s Rulemaking Petition
https://decrypt.co/143673/us-court-gives-sec-one-week-to-respond-to-coinbases-rulemaking-petition

The SEC Has Not Labeled Any Proof-of-Work Asset as a Security—Why Is That?
https://decrypt.co/143760/why-has-the-sec-not-labeled-any-proof-of-work-asset-as-a-security

Cathie Wood's ARK Bought $22M Worth of Coinbase Shares After the Price Tanked
https://decrypt.co/143780/coinbases-stock-tanked-cathie-wood-bought-more-shares

Exchanging Discontent: SEC Sues Coinbase And Binance
https://bmpro.substack.com/p/exchange-discontent-sec-sues-coinbase-binance
