# Special Report: SEC vs. Binance

_More trouble on the block by the SEC._

** Crypto Markets Dive After SEC Sues Binance
https://thedefiant.io/new-hong-kong-crypto-regulations-take-effect

- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWVcbhgu79A
===

Liquidations surpass $200M in 1 hour after SEC’s Binance lawsuit
https://cryptoslate.com/liquidations-surpass-200m-in-1-hour-after-secs-binance-lawsuit/

SEC Sues Binance and CEO for Alleged Securities Violations
https://decrypt.co/143446/binance-hit-with-sec-lawsuit-in-latest-regulatory-woes

Binance.US deems SEC lawsuit ‘baseless’; plans to defend self
https://cryptoslate.com/binance-us-deems-sec-lawsuit-baseless-plans-to-defend-self/

TRON’s Justin Sun, Cardano’s Charles Hoskinson side with Binance in SEC case
https://cryptoslate.com/trons-justin-sun-cardanos-charles-hoskinson-side-with-binance-in-sec-case/

The Ethereum Question: Why does the SEC avoid taking action against Ethereum when all else are fair game?
https://cryptoslate.com/the-ethereum-question-why-does-the-sec-avoid-taking-action-against-ethereum-when-all-else-are-fair-game/

Seven key points from the SEC’s charges against Binance and Binance.US
https://cryptoslate.com/seven-key-points-from-the-secs-charges-against-binance-and-binance-us/

SEC complaint hints at why Brian Brooks resigned as Binance​.US CEO
https://cointelegraph.com/news/sec-lawsuit-binance-brian-brooks-resign-us-ceo

SEC Claims Solana, Polygon, Cardano Are Securities in Binance Lawsuit
https://decrypt.co/143454/sec-claims-solana-polygon-cardano-are-securities-in-binance-lawsuit

Binance lawsuit: 61 cryptocurrencies are now seen as securities by the SEC
https://cointelegraph.com/news/sec-labels-61-cryptocurrencies-securities-after-binance-suit

S.E.C. Accuses Binance of Mishandling Funds and Lying to Regulators
https://www.nytimes.com/2023/06/05/business/sec-binance-charges.html

Crypto sentiment index dips back to March ‘fear’ levels amid Binance lawsuit
https://cointelegraph.com/news/crypto-fear-index-dips-amid-sec-binance-lawsuit

SEC crackdown on Binance and Coinbase surge DeFi trading volumes 444%
https://cointelegraph.com/news/sec-coinbase-binance-lawsuits-surge-defi-trading-volumes

Binance.​US says user funds ‘remain safe’ amid SEC attempt to freeze assets
https://cointelegraph.com/news/binance-us-user-funds-safe-amid-sec-injunction-freeze-assets

Binance vs. SEC: Crypto industry debates ‘Tai Chi’ vs. ‘Operation Chokepoint 2.0’
https://cointelegraph.com/news/binance-v-sec-crypto-industry-debates-tai-chi-vs-operation-chokepoint-2

SEC-induced panic saw $53 billion wiped from crypto market
https://cryptoslate.com/sec-induced-panic-saw-53-billion-wiped-from-crypto-market/

Binance CZ says SEC lawsuit is ‘an attack on the entire industry’
https://cryptoslate.com/binance-cz-says-sec-lawsuit-is-an-attack-on-the-entire-industry/

SEC’s Binance lawsuit triggers market-wide selloff: CryptoSlate wMarket Update
https://cryptoslate.com/secs-binance-lawsuit-triggers-market-wide-selloff-cryptoslate-wmarket-update/

BNB, BUSD ‘not securities’ – Binance rejects SEC’s security labels
https://cryptoslate.com/bnb-busd-not-securities-binance-rejects-secs-security-labels/

Binance, Coinbase CEOs together lost $1.7B of personal wealth after SEC charges
https://cryptoslate.com/binance-coinbase-ceos-together-lost-1-7b-of-personal-wealth-after-sec-charges/

Tokens Bounce Back Across the Market After SEC Triggers Turmoil
https://decrypt.co/143633/tokens-bounce-back-across-the-market-after-sec-triggers-turmoil

SEC Chair Gary Gensler: The US Doesn't Need Cryptocurrency
https://decrypt.co/143595/crypto-industry-is-built-on-non-compliance-says-sec-chair-gary-gensler

https://bitcoinmagazine.com/business/sec-sues-cryptocurrency-exchange-binance-alleging-securities-laws-violations

COINBASE, AMERICA’S LARGEST CRYPTOCURRENCY EXCHANGE, SUED BY THE SEC FOR SECURITIES VIOLATIONS
https://bitcoinmagazine.com/legal/coinbase-sued-by-the-sec-for-securities-violations

SEC asks for emergency order to freeze Binance US assets anywhere in the world
https://www.cnbc.com/2023/06/06/sec-asks-for-emergency-order-to-freeze-binance-us-assets-anywhere-in-the-world.html
